alectryon snippet (#44)
coq-community/hydra-battles: doc/movies/Readme.md

# Snippets coq+rst

The script `extract_snippets.py` extract snippets block in coq+rst files.\
This script has been developed in python3.9 and use [alectryon](https://github.com/cpitclaudel/alectryon),
to transform "coq+rst" to "latex" file.

###### Note (01/07/2021)
Please use the branch [rst+latex](https://github.com/cpitclaudel/alectryon/tree/rst+latex) in alectryon projet.
And install this alectryon version with:
```shell
~/alectryon $ pip install .

> ```

Author: Yes we can remove this note is outdated.
We just need to install alectryon 1.2 with pip.

# Snippets coq+rst

The script `extract_snippets.py` extract snippets block in coq+rst files.\

> This script has been developed in python3.9 and use [alectryon](https://github.com/cpitclaudel/alectryon),

Reviewer: Now the requirement has been relaxed to just Python 3.7.
```suggestion
This script has been tested with Python 3.7 or above and uses [Alectryon](https://github.com/cpitclaudel/alectryon),
```

to transform "coq+rst" to "latex" file.

## Requirements
Alectryon >=1.2

You can install with command:
```shell

> pip install -r requirements.txt

Reviewer: Maybe we should use this command in CI as well. What do you think?

```

## Snippet Block
A snippet blocs is a block formed by this template:
```coq
(* begin snippet NAME *)
    ...
(* end snippet NAME *)
```

## Script

> The script has been developed in python3.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The script take coq file, extract snippets blocks, and make directory with name of coq file. 
Make latex files with name of snippets, in directory.
Now you can include your snippet file in your main latex file (using `\input{foo/snippet1}` in LaTeX).

## Usage
```shell
$ python extract_snippets.py foo.v
$ ls -l foo/
snippet1.tex  snippet2.tex
```

For more informations do `python extract_snippets -h`

## Makefile

> Command `make file.v` extract `.v` contain in `theorie/oridinals` make a latex file. \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Command `make file.v` extracts `.v` found in `theories/oridinals` and makes a latex file. \
```
